Brother, I think these people don't want to live anymore
Xi Shi is now my sister
We're not related anymore.
Get out of here
Gao Xiaoyu, I gave you face, right?
Don't worry about me and Xi Shi
Xi Shi is Mengyi's sister
Also my sister
Dream One is telling you to leave now, didn't you hear?
Tell you to get out of here
It's everywhere.
commoner
Women hit too
Are you still human?
Back, back.
What do you think?
I'm not satisfied, that's all I can do
I still want to save your girlfriend
Ok you wait for me
Yo
I'm waiting for you.
Hello colleague, hello Secretary Huang
Bring me a few people and I'll send you the location.
Okay, I'll bring someone right away.
Security department emergency assembly
Emergency assembly